Object:
	The object of the game is to remove all of your
opponent's marbles from the board.

Moving Marbles:
1.	To move a marble: click on the marble, then
	click the space you wish to move the marble to.
	(It will not move if the dice won't allow it.)
2.	When you select a marble, if the 'Show Moves'
	menu item in the 'Options' menu is checked,
	then all possible moves will be selected in red.
	After moving the first marble you are free to
	move the same marble or click on a new marble and
	move it.

Rules:
1.	You may only move a marble left or right when moving
	it out from behind the line. (Right for gold, left
	for teal.)
2.	After a marble is moved from behind the line it can
	never be moved back behind the line.
3.	Once out onto the main board a marble can be moved
	in any direction.
4.	If an opponent jumps any of your marbles they are
	then removed from the board.
5.	When a marble is removed an 'F' is put on the board
	in its place. Any player who lands on it will get
	an extra marble placed in an empty space behind
	that player's line.  (If there are no empty spaces
	the player will not get an extra marble and the free
	marble will be wasted.)
6.	Some of the spaces are sink holes, so when a marble
	lands on one, the marble will sink in.  Any marble
	landing in that space later will sit on top of the
	old marble and not sink in.

Scoring:
1.	Even if you have more marbles remaining than your
	opponent, your opponent could still have a higher
	score.  You can use the points (which are
	displayed to the right of the players' names) if
	you are playing a tournament where you would add
	up the total scores from all of the games.
2.	Each marble a player jumps is worth 100 points.
	Each free marble collected is worth 50 points
	(whether a free marble can form or not).

Game Options:
1.	Because most personal computers run at different
	speeds, you can change the speed of the animation.
	To change the speed, check the appropriate sub-menu
	item in the 'Animation' menu item.  (The 'Animation'
	menu item is located under 'Options'.)
2.	'Music', 'Sound Effects', and 'Show Moves' are self-
	explanatory.  A check mark means that they are on.
3.	To activate the computer player make sure to check
	the 'Computer Player' check box in the first window.
4.	To change the number of sink holes in the board,
	click the 'Options' button in the first window.
	Next type the desired number of sink holes and
	click 'OK'.
5.	The current settings including the player names are
	saved when the game is closed.
